# Poll Questions

1. What do you think about this PCA plot? Does it need to be fixed? How would you do it? 
   a) The PCA is correct by showing the current clustering of the samples. No fixing is needed
   b) The PCA is showing that there is a problem because our samples do not cluster by category. We need to go back and swap the 2 samples
   c) There is a mixup in the samples. We need to talk with the sequencing facility so that they change the samples and sequence again
   d) The PCA shows that there is a problem with our samples. We delete the data from our dataset
   
2. Notice the output - what does the 'mean' tell you, practically?
   a) The mean of each column helps to figure out if the libraries have the same size
   b) It shows that we have lots of zero counts
   c) It tells us the average number of counts for each sample

3. What properties can you attribute to RNA-seq data?
   a) Large number of discrete observations; high probability of finding a particular transcript; variance lower than mean
   b) Continuous distribution because of the very large number of observations; low probability of finding a particular transcript; variance higher than mean
   c) Large number of discrete observations; low probability of finding a particular transcript; variance lower than mean
   
4. What kind of distribution would you use for count data?
   a) Poisson distribution
   b) Binomial distribution
   c) Negative binomial distribution
   d) Normal distribution 
   
5. Can the size factors be used as quality control? At what value of the size factors should you go back and look at your data?
   a) Yes. If one factor is either more than double or less than half the value of the average of factors  
   b) No. If one factor is above 5 or bellow 0.5
   c) No. The values simply show the differences in library sizes and are used just to normalize the counts.
   d) Yes. Any large variation from the rest of the group should be investigated. Can mean that we have a bad sample that needs to be excluded.

6. For small count means, dispersion is ....? For large count means, dispersion is ....?
   a) higher, lower
   b) they don't correlate
   c) lower, higher
